5.0 out of 5 stars Worth Buying A Playstation 3 for! October 14, 2009
By A. Nowak
Fun: 5.0 out of 5 stars   

I'm sure if you're reading this you've already read countless other reviews praising the game for it's superb voice acting, mind blowing graphics, wonderful story telling, and it's riveting gameplay. I'm only writing this to enforce all of these things and hopefully tip you over the fence into buying this game immediately. Uncharted 2: Among Thieves contains almost every element that was in the first and improves upon it. For those of you who haven't played the first game it is essentially Gears of War meets Tomb Raider + Awesomeness all rolled into one. For those of you who did play Uncharted: Drake's Fortune you're all too aware of how short the first game was and I'm pleased to tell you that this game is substantially worth it. Not only does it last about 3-4 hours longer buy it features something to do when you're done, multiplayer. The multiplayer is essentially what you'd expect from Call of Duty 4 with and a 3rd person twist and several unique modes to shake up the formula. Uncharted 2: Among Thieves is like buying a three entree plate from Panda Express. It leaves you completely full and satisfied and although you'd happily enjoy another serving of Orange Chicken you can leave the restaurant knowing you got what you paid for. Buy this game and enjoy it because although it's built upon the qualities of other games, there's really nothing out there quite like it.



Audience: Gamers, action game fans, non-PS3 owners

Ethos: Played popular games like Gears and Tomb Raider and Call of Duty.
Logos: 3-4 hours longer than the previous
Pathos: Relating it to a good meal, "superb, wonderful, riveting"

Jonah Brooks
WR222 T/R 12PM
Op-Ed Analysis 1

Summary:

For my Op-Ed I chose an Amazon.com user review of Uncharted 2 titled “Worth Buying a Playstation 3 for” written by A. Nowak on October 14, 2009. This review was written to convince potential buyers that this game is worth owning. The author lists many good features and qualities included in the game, but hilights voice acting, graphics, story, gameplay, and length as the primary criteria required in a good game. Many of these criteria are brought up immediately in the review by praising the game’s “... superb voice acting, mind blowing graphics, wonderful story telling, and it’s riveting gameplay.” (A. Nowak, 2009) 
Audience:

	This article was published on Amazon.com as a user review for the Playstation 3 game Uncharted 2. As such, it’s safe to assume that most people reading this article will be people interested in purchasing a copy of Uncharted 2, most likely from Amazon.com itself. It’s also safe to assume that anyone reading this article will have access to the internet in some fashion, and either own a Playstation 3 or be interested in buying one. I believe this particular review was written for people who enjoy action packed video games but may still be on the fence about purchasing a Platystation 3, particularly those who already own and enjoy another video game console. The most overt clue that this article was written for people who may be on the fence about purchasing a Playstation 3 is the fact that the title is “Worth Buying a Playstation 3 for,” but there are also more subtle clues that hint at a slightly more specific audience. For instance, the author describes the game as “Gears of War meets Tomb Raider” (A. Nowak, 2009). That comparison wouldn’t help much unless the reader was familiar with Gears of War, which is exclusive to the XBox 360 (a competing game console). The author later compares the multiplayer mode with other games by saying “The multiplayer is essentially what you'd expect from Call of Duty 4” (A. Nowak, 2009) which, again, would only hold weight for a reader familiar with Call of Duty 4. Between these two main points, it’s easy to see that the author intended to persuade people who already enjoy other action games such as Gears of War and Call of Duty, but perhaps have yet to purchase a Playstation 3.
	The author leverages little logos in this article, but does mention that the game is “3-4 hours longer” (A. Nowak, 2009) than the previous game. Ethos was used to some extent by establishing that the author had experience playing other popular action games, as seen in the quotes above. It’s also implicit that the author has played through the game in question, as implied by writing a review for it. Pathos, on the other hand, was leveraged a bit more explicitly. Not only did the author start off the review with strong, emotion-laden words such as “superb,” “mind blowing,” and “wonderful,” but further on the author draws a comparison between the game and a satisfying meal. “Uncharted 2: Among Thieves is like buying a three entree plate from Panda Express. It leaves you completely full and satisfied and although you'd happily enjoy another serving of Orange Chicken you can leave the restaurant knowing you got what you paid for.” (A. Nowak, 2009) In this way, the author evokes a common emotion in the readers, an emotion of being content and satisfied.
Reflection:
	I think this argument was fairly successful. It made good use of pathos, and a bit of the other two as well. Personally I feel that it could have used a bit more logos, perhaps listing more details about how much variety there is in the game, or discussing how widely praised the game was with metacritic scores or sales numbers. Overall, however, I think this article does a good job of explaining why this game is worth owning.

Works Cited:
Nowak, A. "Worth Buying a Playstation 3 for." Amazon.com. Amazon.com, 14 Oct. 2009. Web. 10 Apr. 2014. <http%3A%2F%2Fwww.amazon.com%2Freview%2FR1GN5QZFJFHYQQ%2Fref%3Dcm_cr_dp_title%3Fie%3DUTF8%26ASIN%3DB001JKTC9A%26nodeID%3D468642%26store%3Dvideogames>.

